### **Reviewing Survey Results**<b>~~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~~</b>###### **1. What do you envision yourself doing 5 minutes before class starts each day, to ensure that you are ready to start on time?*** *According to the data, the class prepares by having their laptops ready.** *The default visualization isn't very helpful as far as representing text responses. it could be improved by using more specific keywords.** *No other option. Text response** *A challenge with interpreting this data is the way that it's represented on the Microsoft form. In order to deduce anything from it, one must manually go through and read each anonymous response** *For simplicity, I would create a multiple choice option with a few proactive habits and a "other" category.*###### **2. Do you have a second monitor connected to your computer?** * *Most of the students have a second monitor or plan to get one.** *The default summary is effective in representing multiple choice responses** *The "Other" option makes the visualization a little bit clunky. The "Other" responses were actually yes or no answers with additional detail.** *I think that this survey question is okay, but it could do without the "Other" option as it doesn't give us much useful information in practice*###### **3. Do you have an external keyboard and mouse?*** *The data shows us that majority of the students are not using peripherals.** *Similar to the monitor question, the visualization is adequate in displaying this data (minus the "Other" response).** &#x20;*I would prescribe a similar solution to the prior question. Remove the "Other" option in favor of a more specific choice.* ###### **4. How do you plan to take notes for this class – in a doc on your computer, with pen and paper, or something else?** * *An overwhelming majority of the class utilizes pen and paper to jot notes.** *In this case the default visualization does a decent job at displaying the information.** *If I were to rewrite the question I would make it strictly a written response.** *I wouldn't edit the prompt*###### **5. What is one question that you have right now, about this course generally or about a specific topic we’ll be talking about?*** ***There is a large variety in the nature of the written responses. I can't particularly pinpoint a specific take away for the responses as a whole.**** ***The visual here is a little better than the other written response. The blurbs are more related to the question and provide insight.**** ***No change to this question.***###### **Next respond to the below questions:**###### **6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?***I was surprised to see the similarity in our responses, even though we weren't in communication while filling out the survey.*###### **7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to**###### **include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?***I will practice proactivity before class starts as informed by the survey.*###### **8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help**###### **in how you approach teaching this class?***If I was the instructor, this survey would let me know that I need to create a FAQ with the questions posted in the survey.*###### **9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to**###### **make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,**###### **you may include both.)***For the sake of data privacy, an anonymous survey is ideal. it also closes the room for bias and offers a more general overview of the opinions of the group.*